Week 1

The group was formed. I created the Jira account and invited other members. Moreover,
I started to learn the fundamental knowledge of front end from HTML and CSS. During 
this week, under the leadership of Wanchao, we discussed the practical softwares and tools
for this project.


Week 2

I had a meeting with Wanchao and Ziqi to decide the frontend layouts. After discussion, 
there are approximately 8 pages in total. Furthermore, the whole team held a meeting to 
decide the database schema and discussed how to realize project objectives on each web page.
On weekends, I wrote user stories on the Jira software. Throughout the whole week, I kept on
learning the fundamental CSS and JavaScript knowledge.


Week 3

On Tuesday, the whole team held a meeting to decide what contents should be returned in the JSON
format from the back end to the front end. I finished the part of User Stories and Sprints in
the proposal. During this week, I kept on learning the JavaScript, CSS and VueJS.

Week 4
In this week, I keep on learning JavaScript and VueJS. I helped in improving CSS in project and finding bugs. Also, I spent some time on researching how to use Google Map API in this project for address validation.

Week 5 
In this week, I finished the Google Map address validation part and the address autofilling. Also, some CSS modifications are done. Further learning on VueJS is still ongoing.


Week 6
In this week, I tried to modify the functionalities of search bar on the home page. I tried to make the autocomplete only returns suburb name and do not show any options when a user is typing a postcode. Also, the autocomplete options should be only available in Australia. I failed in the first few tries on the "vue-better-google-places-autocomplete" package for fixing its intrinsic bugs and restricting the country to be Australia. Eventually, I switched to another npm package called "vue-google-autocomplete".

Moreover, I tested on changing different fonts and integrated a map display functionality to the property auction page.

Week 7
In this week, I wrote the Retrospective A and start to write the final report. After discussion with the Scrum master, now my role would be report writing and code testing.

Week 8
In this week, I finished the "Search" page and cooperated with the back end. Also, I finished the background part, the majority parts of the Software Architecture in the final report except the back end design part, and the database construction part. On weekends, I finished the Retrospective B report.

Week 9
In this week, I kept fixing bugs showing up in the search module, and made it work as expected. Also, I wrote the Third-Party Functionalities and the Implementation Challenge parts, and 3.2 Search module in the Functionalities part in the final report. Moreover, the "Data Model" part in the report is updated.